# CreditNoteDetails

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**reference_invoice_number** | **String** | Original Invoice Number when sending a credit note relating to an existing invoice. One Invoice only to be processed per Credit Note. This is mandatory for AP Credit Notes. | [optional] [default to null]
**debit_note_number** | **String** | Debit Note Number as generated by Amazon. Recommended for Returns and COOP Credit Notes. | [optional] [default to null]
**returns_reference_number** | **String** | Identifies the Returns Notice Number. Mandatory for all Returns Credit Notes. | [optional] [default to null]
**goods_return_date** | **String** | Date that a return is received by the vendor. It is mandatory for Returns Credit Note. | [optional] [default to null]
**rma_id** | **String** | Identifies the Returned Merchandise Authorization ID, if generated. | [optional] [default to null]
**coop_reference_number** | **String** | Identifies the COOP reference used for COOP agreement. Failure to provide the COOP reference number or the Debit Note number may lead to a rejection of the Credit Note. | [optional] [default to null]
**consignors_reference_number** | **String** | Identifies the consignor reference number (VRET number), if generated by Amazon. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


